Process killer feature (#838)
webdriverio/selenium-standalone: docs/API.md

`opts.requestOpts` can be any valid [`got` options object](https://www.npmjs.com/package/got#proxies). You can use this for example to set a timeout.

> `opts.processKiller` set for that truthy value, for killing selenium server port.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`opts.processKiller` set to a truthy value, for killing selenium server port.
```

> `opts.processKiller` set port of selenium server for killing, could be ;ile `4444` or `:4444`.

Reviewer: ;ile?

pkill -f selenium-standalone
```

> or use truthy `opts.processKiller` in config

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or use `opts.processKiller` in config
```
